chore: updated example in promise-based api (#37145)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/asynchronous/implementing_a_promise-based_api/index.md

function alarm(person, delay) {
  return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
    if (delay < 0) {

>       reject("Alarm delay must not be negative");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      reject(new Error("Alarm delay must not be negative"));
```

This function creates and returns a new `Promise`. Inside the executor for the promise, we:

> - check that `delay` is not negative, and call `reject`, passing in our error message if it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- check that `delay` is not negative, and call `reject`, passing in a custom error if it is.
```

function alarm(person, delay) {
  return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
    if (delay < 0) {

>       reject("Alarm delay must not be negative");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      reject(new Error("Alarm delay must not be negative"));
```

function alarm(person, delay) {
  return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
    if (delay < 0) {

>       reject("Alarm delay must not be negative");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      reject(new Error("Alarm delay must not be negative"));
```
